Aborted release v0.2.2 (#42)
lukso-network/tools-eip191-signer: README.md

> This library will add the `\x19Execute Relay Call:\n` prefix to a message and sign it.

Reviewer: We have to update this description as now EIP 191 does not add the prefix mentioned anymore.

See EIP191 specs + Key Manager specs

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191

https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-6-KeyManager.md#executerelaycall

> The `EIP191 ExcuteRelayCall` prefix is used instead of the standard Ethereum transaction prefix to sign messages so that an [`executeRelayCall`](https://docs.lukso.tech/standards/smart-contracts/lsp6-key-manager#executerelaycall) transaction cannot be inadvertently signed when signing an Ethereum signed message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EIP191` is used instead of the standard Ethereum transaction prefix to differentiate between signing generic messages _vs_ signing transactions that aim to be executed via [`executeRelayCall`](https://docs.lukso.tech/standards/smart-contracts/lsp6-key-manager#executerelaycall). This distinction enables to prevent from signing inadvertently data that correspond to relayed transactions for execution via the [LSP6KeyManager](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-6-KeyManager.md).
```
